what hi everyone I'm back it wasn't
actually a bye for good so yeah it's
gonna be a while so I'm read it hello my
name is point the outlaw ran out my most
prized possession I pull my parole is
life itself to me I just can't seem to
settle down if that pearl isn't its
proper place on top of my head but I
heard my parole has been sighted it said
to be on rocky Bluff but this Bluff is
reported to be extremely unsafe I can
never go somewhere so frightening oh fun
we readers would you be so kind as to
fetch me a hug man I all said a hunk of
cheese cuz for its long journey they're
friendly readers would you be so kind as
to go to the block and get my pearl I
could give your help exclamation explore
a shin members from point are we
supposed to Becky died out that somebody
dropped I'd rather do something that's
more of an adventure I have to look for
treasure or exploring on places or
things like that oh well looks like the
next place I'm going to is going to be
da da da
the next place I'd rent to be the next
place go here I'm gonna move on the
floor easier during they try to film
this on the floor out trimmed off my
computer ah oh and I also have any
Pokemon figure I'll stroke or actually
30 p dash yeah I got that I got the
other one goes go
on my right ankle let's just pretend
that didn't happen ok so anyway I'm
gonna go to let's block thank our logo
Oh Papa mean we're gonna be helpful when
I'm in dark crater
miss boss haha oh okay how's that even
possible I don't have a tail lucky ones
in the mid learned another bed and I hit
the cat I am done it's gonna grow dark
it's gone haha Fulvia is just one step I
got you yay I like better love love us
move
oh and I actually look at the wheels and
then just looking at the dream on the
Isle of Emma so gonna take a while so
yeah I'm just going to put on a little
music stuff well actually I'm just going
to skip right to the part where you get
the pearl okay so bye for now everyone